CD terraform (#96)
alphagov/govuk-infrastructure: docs/applying-terraform.md

Therefore, there is a single command (`terraform apply`) to create or update the
infrastructure, and another set of commands to update application concerns.

### Automated Deployment via Concourse

Once you have merged your code in the `main`, this will kick off a new deployment
in [Concourse](https://cd.gds-reliability.engineering/teams/govuk-tools/pipelines/deploy-apps-test)
which will terraform the base infrastructure to reflect the code in the `main` branch.

After the base infrastructure has been terraformed, the Concourse pipeline will create new task definitions
for any services/applications that have changed. If a new task definition has been created, the respective
ECS Service will be updated/deployed.

## Local Deployment

### Infrastructure

You can update the base infrastructure from your machine to test things.

> For example, we run the following commands to updating the test environment:

Reviewer: typo
```suggestion
For example, run the following commands to update the test environment:
```

Author: I can do that.
